hi to all and nice big gamer is to
orders today of what's going to be
the best class of weapons at the ASM in
weeks laye and these objects
particularly formidable
in the first episode I had you
already talked about the 27 ball that was
patched meanwhile arms that's enough
overpowered leash and mun where the asm
call it anyway
in passing is clearly we will say the
smg that has been increased but which
corresponds we will say alarm which is the
more versatile the deadliest the
more used also on the
multiplayer why do you do that
precisely a video a lot of
people still do not adopt we're gonna
say good combinations with sem i
fast present throwing gameplay and
even the hour gameplay it matters little
it's a very rush gameplay very nervous
to illustrate my bath simply
no accessories that I will use
even though this gameplay dates from there are very
long shauna bull too much to you the
propose anyway so she classifies it
she will appear on the screen
here you see it especially
I advise you to quickly do it anyway
unlock the challenges to get the
ergotherapist handle and hand very
often to win his duel
it's the person opposite do not use it
not also why because the first
drop allows to enter instantly
in his viewfinder is also to make
drop shots as instant but
also to be very fair so
instant
then you also see in this game it's
there that I used the laser sight which
allows you to have a very very good shot
to the vigil is not necessarily put in my
class because a lot of
combinations are possible in Cairo
but if you galley that thiro judge for
to know that the rites rayol was obliged
on adventures would not necessarily be pretty
I strongly advise you and
especially from so-called
the heavy truck on the cox 2 may on
advanced warfare the advanced stripes that
is a truck that allows cassava
mounted both the scope but it's
also to increase from 1 even
maybe two notches and I'm not saying
nonsense the damage of a png it takes
know that it's very important these are
men who are mainly
used in close combat we need
sometimes damage including mid
distance especially when they point a
good shoot you still need a sacred
pack of bullets to kill even if you
know you're hungry and we're going to say lls
does not mean she is she
clearly above the lot I have not
afraid to say it I'm telling you clearly
to say if it's one of the souls that's the
more used than it is on the multi
but also other kinds is
that's because it's a weapon that
is above the lot sometimes you cross
of maps of really very far you
can put if you are a good game very little
of bullets and you can kill the person in
question that's what I had to
advise you so I'll talk about the
panier god the advanced stripes for
increase your reach but also
your damage I spoke to you
possibly laser aiming what
I have to offer you normally I
torremila cross the worry being it's
for people who do not necessarily have a
very good shoot
they are not used to rhinestones do
steps aside for those who would not
not understood I wanted to started for
the players a little more nervous in the
rush that make a lot of duels in
strategic point and that's for example
their domination at war of the remains that
know they're going to make a tale of
a check very often but the cross
test there and tell me what you think
frankly it's a dinguerie
if not personally I do not have
absolutely no need perso I put the
large cape loader that gives me I
think more than forty kim of
bullets that meant that shaikh a
improved version of the asm one a
improved version that everyone
unlocks without exception to the leash is
my skill if I say no nonsense
I did not get an elite sm this
that I find very often on the multi
besides chew a big fish
saw that I stopped prestige is
currently you see you dream of
prestige 8 and that it does not hurt to
time I have not played at call of duty
by the way, you have to know a
thing is that I have a lot of
gameplay attempt d na vicious arfa
sometimes succeeds I miss you
propose I do not necessarily ask
gameplay
how to explain this adema and that's
I sometimes ask yourself just the gameplay
because I want to
even if it's the same facts
I was block of bloodthirsty but if
I liked the Belgian gameplay you the
post it it was absolutely necessary that I
tell you about the finery it takes
to know one thing is that you can
play even without light weight this test
1800 smg you will be very fast and very
fluid in temouchent of consequence of
put it
if you're not used to it, that's fine
allow for much more research
freely and quickly if we can say
that way you'll be more agile what
I put down profile of course the fact
is that we get too easily the
drones with if we will say this ability
to put the support that's why I
played low profile I advise you
also of lato m that allows you to do
not appear the movements of his
exoskeleton especially for a very very
big rauscher nervous and his accounts the
rhin through you put on gameplay when
even stealthy and robust impulses that
allows you to not work during a
duel
it is particularly interesting
especially on large maps or maps
crisis and that has a lot of corridor
middle distance etc
for small maps with a weapon
like the asm one you can clearly time
pass and robustness sets to a good
shoot and that you shoot often first
on the opponents have heard the good
cause is also for something
I would advise you to put impulse
on 10 cities and then after me I
already made very big gameplay with
apple are stealthy and stone whatever
in all that's all I had to you
say
I would like to ask you a little
question just before the end of precisely
this episode you want you I
continues these condensed versions of
gtech so the best place of arms
with a lot of other weapons do you count
to make men exclusively that
I appreciate the game huh as lee is
mother leaves night eventually
some
I do not want to do all the
panoply of requests on earth even though
it is a beautiful I miss of time
sorely sadly or if you
want me to resume the gt that since
the beginning with basel 27 aka pods this
abstract art all the weapons that ge has
played there Eric and cnr are worth
really blow tell me that there will be
two comments in space
comment so either tech jets be
you continue to a wall classes of weapons
anyway but witnesses max the
legacy why
those big 17 for the second episode the
sea ​​arms classes at the ASM in charles
logan forget lay people and that makes me
extremely pleasure for work
provided
charley wider range and attic